README.md, before:

# STT-Datasheet-Updater
Updates a Google sheet containing data exported from datacore.app.

## Setup instructions
1. Goto the Google Sheet that you want update using the code and select Tools -> Script Editor. A file called code.gs will be created.
2. Replace the contents of text box with the code in code.gs above.
3. Create a file at https://texteditor.co with json code from https://stt.disruptorbeam.com/player and save it to Google Drive
4. Go to https://drive.google.com/, right click on the file you created and select "Get shareable link"
5. Extract the file id from the link. It will look like https://drive.google.com/file/d/FILE_ID_GOES_HERE/view?usp=sharing.
6. Insert the id into the constant on the 10th line of code.gs and save it.
7. Reload the spreadsheet an additional menu call Import data will be added.

## Usage instructions
1. Goto  https://texteditor.co and open the file you created on Google Drive.
2. Replace the contents with code from https://stt.disruptorbeam.com/player.
3. Select the sheet that contains the data exported from datacore.app.
4. If a backup is needed the select Import Data -> Create backup sheet.
5. Select Import Data -> Update crew data.

## Google authentication on first use
Google requires you to review permissions when first using the code. After you sign in to your account it will give you a page that looks like.

![Google authorisation](https://github.com/joshurtree/STT-Datasheet-Updater/blob/master/authentication.png)

IF YOU TRUST THE CODE click on Advanced and then "Goto PROJECT NAME (unsafe)" to get to the permissions page. It will list all the permissions you will be allowing the code to use. If you happy that it won't destroy all your files then authorise them.

Commit message:

Added instructions for importing item data

README.md, after:

# STT-Datasheet-Updater
Updates a Google sheet containing data exported from datacore.app.

## Setup instructions
1. Goto the Google Sheet that you want update using the code and select Tools -> Script Editor. A file called code.gs will be created.
2. Replace the contents of text box with the code in code.gs above.
3. Create a file at https://texteditor.co with json code from https://stt.disruptorbeam.com/player and save it to Google Drive
4. Go to https://drive.google.com/, right click on the file you created and select "Get shareable link"
5. Extract the file id from the link. It will look like https://drive.google.com/file/d/FILE_ID_GOES_HERE/view?usp=sharing.
6. Insert the id into the constant on the 10th line of code.gs and save it.
7. Reload the spreadsheet an additional menu call Import data will be added.

## Usage instructions
### Importing crew data
1. Goto  https://texteditor.co and open the file you created on Google Drive.
2. Replace the contents with code from https://stt.disruptorbeam.com/player.
3. Select the sheet that contains the data exported from datacore.app.
4. If a backup is needed the select Import Data -> Create backup sheet.
5. Select Import Data -> Update crew data.

### Importing item data
1. Goto  https://texteditor.co and open the file you created on Google Drive.
2. Replace the contents with code from https://stt.disruptorbeam.com/player.
3. Select the sheet where you want the data to go
4. If a backup is needed the select Import Data -> Create backup sheet.
5. Select Import Data -> Update item data

## Google authentication on first use
Google requires you to review permissions when first using the code. After you sign in to your account it will give you a page that looks like.

![Google authorisation](https://github.com/joshurtree/STT-Datasheet-Updater/blob/master/authentication.png)

IF YOU TRUST THE CODE click on Advanced and then "Goto {{PROJECTNAME}} (unsafe)" to get to the permissions page. It will list all the permissions you will be allowing the code to use. If you happy that it won't destroy all your files then authorise them.
